http://www.marriageandgod.mobi/gospel.htm?vid=4-Zz2z70P4TgT0axoQ0l01


Everyone in the world is searching for love

We say, "we love to eat, we love our pets, we love to make money." But, that kind of love doesn't last for very long.

The good news is that there is another kind of love; the love that comes from God. God's love lasts forever. God's love asks for nothing in return. He loves you just the way you are.

The great news is that God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Loving one another in the life long relationship of marriage can be a real gift of God. Having God as the center of your marriage is incredibly important. God in His love can give you the ability to love, to forgive, and to truly care for one another even when things get difficult. The good news is that God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life and your marriage.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. God Loves You!
The Bible says, "God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life"

The problem is that

2. All of us have done, said or thought things that are wrong. This is called sin, and our sins have separated us from God.
The Bible says "All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God." God is perfect and holy, and our sins separate us from God forever. The Bible says "The wages of sin is death."

The good news is that, about 2,000 years ago,

3. God sent His only Son Jesus Christ to die for our sins.
Jesus is the Son of God. He lived a sinless life and then died on the cross to pay the penalty for our sins. "God demonstrates His own love for us in that while we were yet sinners Christ died for us."

Jesus rose from the dead and now He lives in heaven with God His Father. He offers us the gift of eternal life -- of living forever with Him in heaven if we accept Him as our Lord and Savior. Jesus said "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except by Me."

God reaches out in love to you and wants you to be His child. "As many as received Him, to them He gave the right to become children of God, even to those who believe on His name." You can choose to ask Jesus Christ to forgive your sins and come in to your life as your Lord and Savior.

4. If you want to accept Christ as Savior and turn from your sins, you can ask Him to be your Savior and Lord by praying a prayer like this:

"Lord Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. Thank you for dying on the cross for my sins. Please forgive my sins and give me the gift of eternal life. I ask you in to my life and heart to be my Lord and Savior. I want to serve you always."

